# 2011-08-24

## Reviewed by:   Jane Glanzer and Matt Craig 

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2011-08-24

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ m101-001light.fit -- cosmic ray
+ m101-010light.fit -- multiple cosmic rays
+ m101-014light.fit -- cosmic rays
+ m101_v-003light.fit -- cosmic rays
+ m101_v-008light.fit -- cosmic rays

To me, it looks like the light images missing filter information are ones taken in the R filter. It doesn't really look like to me that
there were any taken in the B filter

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

+ `CCD Image 4.fit` and `CCD Image 5.fit` -- No filter in the FITS header, not sure what it should be, so left out the filter.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

Filter information had to be manually added to all of the light and flat images. Flat image filters were added based on Matt's notes from that night. Filter information for the light images was added based on visual inspection of the images compared to other nights and on the filter indicated in the file name for some of the images.

The WCS `CTYPE` keywords were updated to include `-SIP`.
