# 2011-09-08

## Reviewed by:   Matt Craig 

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2011-09-08

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `domeflat_I.fit` and `domeflat_I2.fit`  -- mislabelled as light images
+ Flat images in the `B` filter -- All of these look much more like noise than like flats. Am guessing the exposure time (5 seconds) was way too short.
+ Almost all light images: there is noticeable sky background, so this is likely a night with bright moon and at least some haze.
+ `xx_cyg-097Lt_B.fit` -- half the resolution of the other images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

One image, `xx_cyg-097Lt_B.fit`, was taken with binning turned on, so it had half the resolution (and twice the pixel scale) in each direction. Adding astrometry to that took most of the effort. The incorrectly-classified images were also fixed.
