# 2011-08-26

## Reviewed by:   Jane Glanzer

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2011-08-26

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ M101_b-057B.fit -- cosmic ray
+ M101_b-059B.fit -- cosmic rays
+ M101_v-045R.fit -- cosmic ray
+ M101_v-046R.fit -- cosmic ray
+ M13.fit -- dust donuts
+ m101-unknown-filter01.fit and m101-unknown-filter02.fit -- dust donuts



CCD Image 28.fit and CCD Image 29.fit look like images taken in the R filter.
m101-unknown-filter01.fit and m101-unknown-filter02.fit look like they were also probably taken in the R filter, however they are
really dusty so its hard to tell.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

All of these files are **missing fitlers**. While in principle some of them could probably be determined, in practice they don't seem useful for science.

```
M13.fit
bubble-neb-1.fit
bubble-neb-2.fit
m101-unknown-filter01.fit
m101-unknown-filter02.fit
ring-nebula.fit
ring-nebula2.fit
ring-nebula3.fit
ring-nebula4.fit
salt-pepper-30sec.fit
salt-pepper-45sec.fit
salt-pepper-60sec.fit
salt-pepper-75sec.fit
salt-pepper-90sec.fit
```

These images are **missing pointing** information, largely because they are subframes.

```
jupiter-01-b.fit
jupiter-02-b.fit
jupiter-03-b.fit
jupiter-04-b.fit
```

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

Filters were added based on file name and visual inspection, and object names were re-added after updating the object list.
