# 2013-10-15

## Reviewed by:   Madelyn Madsen

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2013-10-15

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `ey-uma-024R.fit` -- satellite track
+ `ey-uma-033R.fit` -- possible satellite or plane track
+ `ey-uma-151R.fit` -- started getting cloudy
+ `ey-uma-152R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-153R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-154R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-155R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-156R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-157R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ey-uma-158R.fit` -- clouds and dust
+ `ngc-6946-001R.fit` -- clouds and possible satellite track
+ `sa92-001B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-001V.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-002B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-002V.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-003B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-003V.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-004B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-004V.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-005B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-005V.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-006B.fit` -- clouds
+ `sa92-006V.fit` -- clouds

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
