# 2014-10-26

## Reviewed by:   Stefan Nelson

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `TrES-3b-104Dark60.fit` -- A small bright line in the dark image.
+ `TrES-3b-104Dark90.fit` -- A couple of bright spots in the dark image.
+  Almost all of the "darks" have a wavy pattern to them. 
+ `TrES-3b-103R.fit` -- All of the flats seemed to have been taken with the lights off.
+ `TrES-3b-104R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-105R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-106R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-107R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-108R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-109R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-110R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-111R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-112R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-051R.fit` -- From here on, it looks like a car/cloud went by, as there's a large amount of extra light.
+ `TrES-3b-052R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-053R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-054R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-055R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-056R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-057R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-058R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-059R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-060R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-061R.fit` -- See above.
+ `TrES-3b-095R.fit` -- Stars seem to be "pulsing" compared to the others.
+ `TrES-3b-097R.fit` -- See above.

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
