# 2015-07-20

## Reviewed by: Andrew Block      

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ All images have a vertical line going through them. Faint in some, but present.
+ `calibration-001d20.fit` -- This dark has some bright spots.
+ `calibration-001D30.fit` -- This dark has some bright spots.
+ `calibration-001d60.fit` -- This dark has some bright spots.
+ `calibration-005d60.fit` -- This dark has some bright spots.
+ `sa113-sf1-001I2.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
+ `sa113-sf1-001R2.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
+ `sa113-sf1-001V2.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
+ `sa113-sf1-002I1.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
+ `sa113-sf1-002R1.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
+ `sa113-sf1-002V1.fit` -- Odd streak in image.
The odd streak in the sa113 images is a potential asteroid and will be looked into.




## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)




## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
