# 2015-05-21

## Reviewed by:   your_name_here

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ 'ey-uma-034R.fit' -- Uneven brightness in image - dark band going through center
+ 'sa-104-001B.fit' -- very faint light line going through image
+ 'sa-104-001I.fit' -- very faint light line going through image
+ 'sa-104-001R.fit' -- very faint light line going through image
+ 'sa-104-001V.fit' -- very faint light line going through image
+ 'sa-104-004B.fit' -- Uneven brightness in image - dark bands going through image
+ 'sa-110-009B.fit' -- satellite
+ 'sa-110-013V.fit' -- satellite
+ 'tres-3-001B.fit' -- cosmic ray
+ 'tres-3-002V.fit' -- satellite
+ 'tres-3-003I.fit' -- satellite

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)
- [x] EXAMPLE checked-off box, please delete.

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

+ `m34-002R.fit` -- no WCS, looks like there were maybe clouds.
+ `m404-001B.fit` -- Not sure what object this, and googling `m404` got me a 404.
+ `sa113-099V.fit` -- No filter in the FITS header, not sure what it should be.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
