# 2015-03-26


## Reviewed by:   Sakurako Tani and Matt Craig 

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ calib-005D120.fit | DARK Several bright sopt
+ calib-010D120.fit | DARK few bright spot
+ DARK images has wavy color pattern
+ey-uma-001R.fit | FLAT this is not FLAT, this is image of stars
+(ey-uma-001R to 009R is image of stars not FLAT)
+m51-006V.fit | FLAT this is not FLAT, this is image of galaxy.
+m51-007V.fit | FLAT this is imagine of galaxy.
+m67-001I.fit | FLAT to m67-003V.fit | FLAT those picture is not FLAt, image of stars
+M51-001V.fit | LIGHT this picture has long light line.
+M51-002V.fit | LIGHT this picture has blight satellite track.
+M51-004R.fit | LIGHT this picture has weak satellite trac.
+BIAS imagine also has little color pattern.



## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

Oddly, triage *thinks* ptg information is missing from the files to which astrometry has been added,
but RA/DEC are present in the header....

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

Reclassified several images as light, added astrometry and object to them, re-ran triage. Also fixed
the WCS `CTYPE`s
