# 2015-10-21

## Reviewed by:   Matt Craig

## Image gallery

http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery//2015-10-21

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ All of the 90 second darks have an odd wavy pattern in them.
+ All of the B-band flats seem to have bright pixels along two edges.
+ `ey-uma-022R.fit` -- satellite.
+ `ey-uma-033R.fit` -- light cloud?
+ `ey-uma-091R.fit` -- satellite.
+ `NGC_6946_LIGHT-002R.fit` -- satellite.
+ `NGC_6946_LIGHT-002V.fit` -- satellite.

These calibration image should not be used because there are a couple of clear after-images of bright stars: 

+ `calibration-001D30.fit`
+ `calibration-002D30.fit`
+ `calibration-003D30.fit`

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

**NOTE:** Four images have object set to `unknown` because the asteroid they were supposde to be images of were not in the field of view: `Asteriod 2.fit`, `Asteroid 1.fit`, `eunomia-001R.fit`, `eunomia-002R.fit`

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

This one took several steps to fix:

+ Several images had their `IMAGETYP` as `FLAT` even though they are really `LIGHT` files: `Asteriod 2.fit`, `Asteroid 1.fit`, `M15_10_21_15.fit`, `M31_10_21_15.fit`
+ Those images then needed astrometry added to them.
+ Four images were supposed to be of the asteroid Eunomia but it was not actually in the field of view, so their object was set to `unknown`.
+ Had to add M31 to the object list.


