# 2015-11-08

## Reviewed by:   Thomas Christianson

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `darks-with-lights-off-003D90.fit` -- has a few bright spots
+ `darks-with-lights-ON-002D90.fit` -- has a bright spot in top center
+ `ey-uma-024R.fit ` -- a star "flashed" in this image that isn't visible in others, located right next to the right arrow 
+ `ey-uma-020R.fit` -- a faint star appears that isn't in other images. located in the center bottom third of the picture. 
+ `ey-uma-053R.fit` -- a star appears to the left of the uppermost bright star
+ `ey-uma-102R.fit` -- a light appears between the two uppermost bright stars
+ `ey-uma-139R.fit` -- nice satellite track
+ `darks-with-lights-off-006D15.fit` -- bright spot in upper portion of photo
+ `darks-with-lights-off-006D90.fit ` -- bright spot in center of photo
+ `darks-with-lights-ON-002D90.fit` -- bright spot in upper left of photo
+ `ey-uma-096R.fit` -- faint track across left portion of photo
+ -- has a bright spot in the upper center
+ `another-crazy-object-003B.fit` -- this looks more like a flat than a science image.
+ `full-moon-005B.fit` -- nice satellite or plane track in here.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
