# 2015-04-13

## Reviewed by:   Laura Berger

## Image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery//2015-04-13/
## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `Calibration-006D30.fit` -- in the lower left hand side there is some white smudge that must be an object or abnormalty.
+ `Calibration-002Bias.fit` -- there is a bright spot.
+ `Calibration-001D30.fit` -- another bright spot.
+ `Calibration-001D90.fit` -- a few bright spots in image.
+ `Calibration-003D30.fit` -- more bright spots.
+ `Calibration-006D90.fit` -- more bright spots.
+ `Calibration-007D90.fit` -- small bright spots.
+ `Calibration-008D30.fit` -- small bright spots.
+ `ey-uma-021V.fit` -- satellite or plane track in picture.
+ `m95-005V.fit` -- some sort of video or camera error.
+ `SA104-001V.fit` -- another video/camera error.
+ a few more images have the same video/camera errors.
+ `TrES-3-003R.fit ` -- satellite or plane track in image.
+ Some of the dark images have the wavy pattern.
+ Some of the FLAT images are darker around the edges and have higher contrast.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)
- [x] EXAMPLE checked-off box, please delete.

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

+ `m34-002R.fit` -- no WCS, looks like there were maybe clouds.
+ `m404-001B.fit` -- Not sure what object this, and googling `m404` got me a 404.
+ `sa113-099V.fit` -- No filter in the FITS header, not sure what it should be.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
