# 2016-05-21

## Reviewed by:   Matt Craig

## Raw image gallery: [http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2016-05-21](http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2016-05-21)

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ Flats: all of the B and V band flats are very underexposed.
+ `M5-005I.fit` -- partial satellite track
+ All `M5` images numbered `006` or higher clearly have clouds in them. Use with caution.
+ `M53-004I.fit` -- nice satellite track in here.
+ The `M92` images numbered `001` through `004` have clouds in them.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

None of these images have astrometry in them. It might be possible to add it after reducing the images; all of them have a bright background because of a combination of moon, light clouds, and likely some confusion of star positions near the center of the cluster.:

+ `M5-008B.fit`
+ `M5-010B.fit`
+ `M53-004B.fit`
+ `M53-005B.fit`
+ `M53-006B.fit`
+ `M53-007B.fit`
+ `M53-008B.fit`
+ `M53-009B.fit`

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

This was a bit of a mess because the images did not have RA/Dec information and astrometry fitting failed on several of them in which there were clouds, making the initial run take forever (and astrometry.net was upgraded part way through the run). I ended up adding object name and RA/Dec to many of the images with a script, then rerunning astrometry and patching.

Even after that adding astrometry failed for several images, listed above.
