# 2016-07-24

## Reviewed by:   Elias Holte

## Raw image gallery: ['http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery//2016-07-24']

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `kelt-1-126R.fit` -- should be 150 60 exposure science images.
+ `calib-001R.fit` -- undesireable science image in set. To be removed.
+ `kelt-1-066R.fit` -- nice satellite or plane track in here.
+ `kelt-1-045R.fit` -- cosmic rays in upper right and left corners of image
+ `kelt-1-062R.fit` -- cosmic rays in upper left corner of image
+ `kelt-1-052R.fit` -- faint satellite track in center
+ `kelt-1-053R.fit` -- faint satellite track in upper right of image
+ `kelt-1-073R.fit` -- extreamly faint satellite track in mid left of image
+ `kelt-1-083R.fit` -- cosmic ray in center of image
+ `kelt-1-088R.fit` -- cosmic blip in center of image
+ `kelt-1-119R.fit` -- cosmic ray in upper left of image
+ `kelt-1-120R.fit` -- cosmic ray cluster in upper left of image

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

+ none of the science images have wcs
+ still missing last 25 science images taken that night

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

No fixes
