# 2018-10-17

## Reviewed by:   Isobel Snellenberger, Kristen Kopperdahl, Luke Himmelspach, Molly Zackrison, Duncan Monroe

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2018-10-17

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `Dark-S001-R001-C008-NoFilt.fit ` -- weird grey patch at the bottom 
+ `ey uma-S001-R001-C001-r.fit ` -- satellite in the right of the image
+ `m42-S001-R002-C001-B.fit ` -- blurry? out of focus????
+ `ngc 891-S001-R017-C001-B.fit` -- satellite in the upper left
+ `v0440-lac-S001-R001-C024-r_dupe-1.fit` -- satellite in bottom left
+ `v0440-lac-S001-R001-C047-r.fit` -- satellite in bottom right-ish
+ `v0440-lac-S001-R001-C070-r_dupe-1.fit` -- grey/lighter area in bottom of image
+ `

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
