# 2018-10-20

## Reviewed by:   Isobel Snellenberger, Duncan Monroe, Kristen Kopperdahl, Luke Himmelspach, Molly Zackrison

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2018-10-20

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ no flats
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C001-NoFilt.fit` -- strange grey section coloring
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C003-NoFilt.fit` -- striping horizontally
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C014-NoFilt.fit` -- horizontal striping
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C010-NoFilt.fit` -- weird bright spot in the top of the image
+ `ngc869-S001-R004-C001-B.fit` -- grey stripe in middle of image
+ images 86 through 119 seem cloudy

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

The image `v0440-lac-S001-R018-C001-r.fit` has no astrometry information because there is too much
cloud background. 

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

Had to remove spaces from file names, then everything ran with the standard scripts.
