# 2018-07-23

## Reviewed by:   Adam Kline

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2018-07-23

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-r-Bin1-001-NoRot.fit` -- flat looks very overexposed.
+ `HIP81833-S001-R001-C001-r_dupe-2.fit` -- Image is uneven, has light bar on top of image.
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C027-r.fit` -- satellite in middle.
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C128-r.fit` -- satellite on right.
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C145-r.fit` -- weird white blob in image. might be a cloud
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C148-r.fit` -- another white blob/cloud
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C151-r.fit` -- another blob/cloud
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C156-r.fit` -- really bright satellite in middle
+ `kelt-16-S001-R001-C157-r.fit` -- white blob/cloud



Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

No object name for the HIP... imageas; they were pointing.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

Nothing special.
