# 2018-09-02

## Reviewed by:   Chloe Johnson

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2018-09-02

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `crazy-object-001R.fit` -- not sure what this is an image of
+ `another-crazy-object-003B.fit` -- this looks more like a flat than a science image.
+ `full-moon-005B.fit` -- nice satellite or plane track in here.
+ `Bias-S001-R001-C001-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots and vertical/horizontal lines are present throughout the BIAS images.
+ `Bias-S001-R001-C004-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots are present.
+ `Bias-S001-R001-C010-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots are present.
+ `Bias-S001-R001-C015-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots are present.
+ `Bias-S001-R001-C017-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots are present.
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C001-NoFilt.fit` -- there are a few very bright spots present in these DARK images.
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C002-NoFilt.fit` -- several bright spots are present.
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C008-NoFilt.fit` -- very bright spots on the right side of the image.
+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-B-Bin1-002.fit` -- bright spot on the right side of this FLAT image.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
