# 2019-08-18

## Reviewed by:   Alex Niemi

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2019-08-18

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `kic-8462852-S001-R001-C001-B.fit` -- Stars have shifted from all other images of those same stars.  Also has major vignetting and overly bright
+ `kic-8462852-S001-R001-C001-gp.fit` -- Unusually extreme vignetting and very bright
+ `kic-8462852-S001-R002-C001-B.fit` -- Unusually extreme vignetting and very bright
+ `kic-8462852-S001-R002-C001-gp.fit` -- Brighter than normal
+ `m1-S001-R004-C001-540bp30.fit` -- particle caused small trail in top left of photo
+ `wasp-92-S001-R005-C001-rp.fit` -- some horizontal lines across the screen
+ `wasp-92-S001-R007-C001-rp.fit` -- some horizontal lines across the screen

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [ ] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [ ] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [ ] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)
- [x] EXAMPLE checked-off box, please delete.

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

+ `m34-002R.fit` -- no WCS, looks like there were maybe clouds.
+ `m404-001B.fit` -- Not sure what object this, and googling `m404` got me a 404.
+ `sa113-099V.fit` -- No filter in the FITS header, not sure what it should be.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
