# 2020-11-02

## Reviewed by:   Brett Schulz

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2020-11-02

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `Bias-S001-R001-C018-NoFilt.fit` -- There is a small bright line in this bias image.
+ `TIC_364186197.01-S001-R029-C001-rp.fit` -- The images get noticably brighter around here, coming from the left side, and moving to the right after a few images.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C011-rp.fit` -- A faint streak that resembles one a satellite would make.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C018-rp.fit` -- Another streak, this one is a little brighter and longer.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C021-rp.fit` -- Could be unrelated, but there is a small line that appears near the top that is similar to the one in the Bias image.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C045-rp.fit` -- Another small white line.
+ There are two blank white image dupes for the first two ey-uma images.
+ All of the TIC_364186197.01 and ey-uma have the same dust rings on every picture.
+ `ngc6946-S001-R001-C001-rp.fit` -- The first image of the galaxy is quite noticably off center from the rest, and a few of the others change center slightly as well.


## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [X] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [X] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [X] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
