# 2021-03-24

## Reviewed by:   Madelyn Madsen

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2021-03-24

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-rp-Bin1-001.fit` -- donuts are halved
+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-rp-Bin1-002.fit` -- donuts are halved
+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-rp-Bin1-003.fit` -- donuts are halved
+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-rp-Bin1-004.fit` -- donuts are halved
+ `M51-S001-R002-C001-rp.fit` -- satellite track
+ `M51-S001-R009-C001-gp.fit` -- satellite track
+ `M51-S001-R009-C001-rp.fit` -- satellite track
+ `M51-S001-R010-C001-rp.fit` -- satellite track
+ `Pal2-S001-R003-C001-gp.fit` -- sky too light
+ `TIC_159332859.01-S001-R067-C001-rp.fit` -- horizontal banding
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C006-rp.fit` -- satellite track

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.


## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.

1. The object names "Mars" and "Moon" were added to the appropriate files.
2. The "bad" flats (the dome stuck at home, not pointing away from the Sun) were put into a folder called "Bad_flats".

