# 2022-09-04

## Reviewed by:   Izzy DiOrio 

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2022-09-04

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:
+ `Dark-S001-R001-C014-NoFilt.fit` -- possible satelite in the top right corner
+ `AutoFlat-PANoRot-V-Bin1-001.fit` -- the progression of the next few images, the stars appear to go upward but this is due to the sky moving in the night
+ `NGC-7790-S001-R001-C001-ip.fit` -- one star in the top right appears to vary in brightness in a consistent pattern, unlikely it is a variable star but rather just a really bright star. edit: just due to filters changing
+ `NGC-7790-S001-R002-C001-B.fit` -- i am assuming for the images with the light around the edges, the exposure may have been different or the light entering the telescope was changing, may be due to the stars brightness? edit: so apprently its due to the filters used at the time
+ `NGC-7790-S001-R015-C001-B.fit` -- object towards bottom left, appears to be moving and does not appear in other images

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [s] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
