# 2024-02-23

## Reviewed by:   Tanner Weyer

## Raw image gallery: http://physics.mnstate.edu/feder_gallery/2024-02-23

## Unusual images?

Are there any images that look unusual? List the file name of any unusual images for this night here, with description:

+ All `TIC_81247877` lack stars and appear to ahve imaged the inside of the dome.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C001-B.fit` -- Completely maxed out pixels everywhere.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R001-C001-ip.fit` -- Very bright, light may have been left on.
+ All images from `ey-uma-S001-R001-C001-rp.fit` to `ey-uma-S001-R001-C017-rp.fit` -- Completely maxed out pixels everywhere.
+ Images from`ey-uma-S001-R001-C018-rp.fit` to `ey-uma-S001-R001-C020-rp.fit` -- Looks more like a flat than a light image.
+ `ey-uma-S001-R002-C008-rp.fit` -- Satellite
+ `ey-uma-S001-R002-C012-rp.fit` -- Satellite x2
+ `ey-uma-S001-R002-C013-rp.fit` -- Satellite
+ `ey-uma-S001-R003-C002-rp.fit` -- Satellite

Delete this list if there are no unusual images.

## Missing information?

Check these off if they are true:

- [x] No images are missing filter information (except BIAS and DARK, which need no filter).
- [x] No images are missing pointing information (RA/Dec and WCS)
- [x] No images are missing object names (only applies to science images)

If any images are missing information and you have been unable to fix them please list
them below with a short description of the problem.

## What, if anything, did you have to do to fix images on this night?

Remember, you should do your changes with scripts that you number and place in the
directory along with the data so the procedure could be repeated if needed or
desired.

Here, explain in English (not code) what you fixed, if anything.
